doc: 6 installation steps for rapidpro cht apk (#550)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/messaging/gateways/rapidpro_cht_gateway.md

> #

Reviewer: Add [front matter](https://gohugo.io/content-management/front-matter/) with at least; title, linkTitle, and description.

# RapidPro CHT APK with FCM configuration

RapidPro - CHT uses your Android phone to send and receive messages on your behalf.

> Due to restrictions Android has on applications that send SMS messages, we cannot distribute the RapidPro - CHT application through the Play Store. You will need to download the application manually and install it using the steps below.

Reviewer: I think it's more accurate to state that the restrictions are from Google on Android applications. I'd rephrase this a bit.
```suggestion
Due to restrictions that Google has placed on Android applications that send SMS messages, RapidPro - CHT applications can no longer be distributed through the Google Play Store. You will need to download the application file and install it using the steps below:
```

1. Download App

    On your Android device, open your browser and download the app by entering the URL: <code>[https://rapidpro.app.medicmobile.org/android/](https://rapidpro.app.medicmobile.org/android/)</code>

2. Launch the RapidPro - CHT installer

    Open the notifications shade by dragging from the top and select the downloaded file.

> ![download](rapidpro/apk_download.png "image_tooltip")

Reviewer: The images are not getting rendered. Have a look at the [documentation on image processing](https://gohugo.io/content-management/image-processing/) to guide you on how to add images.
